When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Anytime you are editing your code from a device other than your main local device in which you store all your files locally.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because you might have multiple people working on the project you are working on and if someone pushes a commit to GitHub before your last pull you wouldnt have the most updated files of the project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks create a new remote on my GitHub that is a clone of another GitHub. They are not visible locally until they are pulled from GitHub with the terminal. They also give credit to the original coders code that I am working with. I would use this when I am utilizing someone else code and make personal adjustments to it or giving suggestions to the original developer.

    Clones download a clone of a repository to my local directory. I would use this when I am working on a project on a different device than the device I have all the files saved on locally or if I am working as a contributor to a project with other developers.

    Branches are a clone of usually the master that I would utilize for developing new features or experimenting as I wouldn't want my changes to take place on the master until I have everything production ready.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    That way if you make any changes or updates locally you know that you will easily be able to use git push to push the updates to GitHub and minimizing the changes of running into conflicts in commits that require manual editing.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    It would be much harder! Collaborators would have to transfer or email files to all of the collaborators on a project everytime they made an update. Which would probably lead to updates made by multiple people that dont get merged before another person makes updates. It honestly just sounds like a huge mess. It would be easier maybe if you were working on your own on a project, but then you would lose the functionality of version control and being able to revert to previous commits or other branches. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Making changes in a separate branch is very benficial when working with other on a project. Making changes in a separate branch, then initiating a pull request allows others working on the project to review the code and make sure there are no bugs or mistakes. This also allows multiple edits to be made by multiple coders and then merged all into the master with a minimal amount of bugs or mistakes. As Git helps identify the conflicts. I honestly dont see a benefit of making changes to the master directly unless maybe because you are working a project solely on your own.
